The Joe Rogan experience.
To me KIB is one of the scariest too. Oh yeah,
because he's beating you down. He's not only beating you now.
He's breaking you mentally. And for me, that is worse than anything for me.
Is the scariest one pound for pound KIB.
Is he the guy that you would come back for?
I would have, like you would have now it's all.
Over and now you're done. That's it?
Ah, I'm done it's three, three years ago. I.
Hey, GSP. It's Dana white. Listen, I gotta fight for you.
Now. I'm gonna explain to you if he, if he wants me to fight, he needs to,
to do it. Like that's how he needs to do it. He needs to hide himself.
Wait that I'm in a gym training P pop pop. Like for example,
when I was in early with Fred Roach,
hitting the path and getting back because I haven't done this because COVID,
everything is closed in Montreal. Right. But I went back and now I found,
I found that found my mechanic back, man. And when you hit,
when you train in mixed martial art and combat sport,
you become a different person, you know, and Tata, Tata, and, and Freddy look,
look at me like, he's like, George, you, you get the hitch back. I'm like, ah,
stop saying that <laugh> and if Dana white would walk in right now in the gym,
in between round, I would sign the contract in a blink of an I Ooh.
But then after I go back home, go back and Montreal in my comfort. And I'm like,
hell.
No, there you are working.
With Freddy. Yeah. And, and people are, are like, Hey,
are you practicing lefthanded? I always been, uh.
Bower. Yeah. I like how Freddy has a, a, he's got a mask on his chin.
What's that protection, Freddy <laugh> take that stupid thing off.
And, and, and, you know, I'm, I'm,
I'm lefthanded because I always been lefthanded. It was a card that,
a secret card that I kept in my, uh, in my arsenal that I,
if I would've need to use it, you, you switch. Yes.
I was going to switch perhaps with besting in the,
in the Fort round or in the first. Oh, really? Yes.
So you're more comfortable lefthanded, more comfortable.
In the south ball. No, I'm I'm.
I would say I've started a more comfortable as a regular stand,
but because I do karate, I always, if you ask, if you ask my coaches,
everybody knows,
but I always fight one side because I believe it's a secret card that I,
that you can pull off and, and, and surprise I, everybody,
but you don't show your an when you play card,
you only show what you need to show to win the fight. Well.
You see that with Wonderboy, like Wonderboy he's right-hand,
but he fights in my opinion at his best when he is right leg forward,
because he throws front leg kicks. Yes. Like that's one of the things he does,
like he'll oftentimes will he'll switch back and forth.
Fluidly don't get me wrong. He can fight well from both stances. Yes.
But when he's right leg forward,
you see a lot of those front leg kicks and that that's some of the most
difficult to get through with that guy. Right?
Yeah.
There is guys that has a lot of problems fighting a SUPA. Yes.
There's guys like this switches, everything. Yes. Can change everything. Yeah.
So that, that's why it was for me a car, a secret card that I kept in case,
you know, like, like I would, I would need it. But unfortunately for me,
like Bisping was very good with SUPA as well.
He knocked out like Ru Rockwell.
So perhaps it's one of these things that I should have used earlier in my
career, unfortunately. And I did not, I should. Well.
Unfortunately, you're one of the greatest of all time. How about relax? And.
I'm very, I'm very critic about myself, Joe, and, and, uh, yeah. Yeah. Well,
you got, it always can be better. Right. But.
That's always one of the reasons why champions are champions is that they are
self critical. That's what makes,
if you just think everything you do is amazing and you don't have any room for
improvement.
I think some of the reason why champions become champions is this terrible
discomfort of like analyzing themselves and like not liking certain
aspects of what they're doing,
finding flaws in their technique or watching a tape. Ah,
I shouldn't have got hit with that. Why is that? Like, uh,
you get crazy and angry and then you train harder.
The people that are self satisfied,
they're like really easily satisfied with their, with their work.
They never reach the level of champion because they don't feel that horrible
discomfort when you're looking at yourself and you don't like what you see.
Yeah.
And, and my friend city Fletcher says, says that out.
To CT. I love that dude. He's the man iron addicts for life, big,
big inspiration.
For, I love him. And he says to me the day that you're satisfied,
choose to do something else because,
and it's a little bit what happened to me in fighting. I made peace with it. I,
uh, like I, I wanted to come back for CIB, um,
because it was, you know, for a fighter,
the scariest thing sometimes is the most exciting thing to do.
And it's a problem that never been solved before.
But to come back for another guy and fight for another title, if I win, I,
it is gonna be another one after and another one, another one,
and I'm gonna turn 40 years old and I hit to admit it, Joe.
And I refuse to accept it. But man, sometime I think so.
I think my best years might be behind.
Me. Well, listen, you're retired. I just said it. It's okay. It's.
Okay. It's not okay. I'm not done.
But you, you Dana. You're hearing him right now. No, no, no, no.
Let's make it happen. Cab's done as well. And KIB is, uh, what is he? 32.
I, I think KIB is 32 or 33. That's right. So he's in his athletic prime.
How old is, KIB find out. How about old KIB is I believe he's either 32.
Or 33. Yeah. But it it's different for everybody.
Some people reach their prime at 25. Some people at 22, some people at 35,
you know? Well, look at <inaudible> is incredible. Yes. I know.
38 Years old when he's dominating the light heavyweight division,
I think for KIB it was also a promise that he made to his mother.
And that I think that's where it lies when his father died, he told his mother,
this is gonna be the last fight. And then he fought Justin GCI. Yeah.
And he said, that's it.
And I understand why,
because fighting takes a lot out of you and takes a lot of
out of the people who loves you. Yeah. Cuz you play basketball,
you play baseball, you don't play fighting.
And the out the outcome of a failure it's could be
very, very bad. You know what I mean? It's not like, uh, you,
you lose a game of basketball or something like that. You lose a fight.
It can have huge re repercu caution on your, he, your health,
your wellbeing, but also your income and your family and everything. Sure.
Like the like steep base loss to a, in Ghana and you watch that loss.
That that's a horrible price that he paid when he got knocked out and you see
him out cold and France hits him with that hammer fist after all he CAD him,
CAD him with the left hook. That's a horrible place to be.
And if that's your child, you think of Khabib's mother looking at him.
And if that's your child, that's a terrible thing to watch.
That's right. And, and,
but I think psychology psychologically for a fighter,
it's hard to come back from a, from a knockout,
but it's probably harder to come back from a fight
where you've been dominating and broken for five
round, like where you literally know that you did not belong
there with the right. You know, like, like, like, like CIBS, that's his style.
That's why I'm saying he's the scariest guy. Right? He can knock you out,
submit you, but he's he's if he wins the fight, it's not,
it's very less likely that it is gonna be on a, on a punch that clips you,
it can happen,
but he's gonna be on a very dominant performance and he's gonna Mo exactly.
Yeah. Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily seamlessly switch between video and audio experience on
Spotify. You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps,
N can download episodes to save on data cost all for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.